hmm right it's really important for me
to see as much as possible I would try
this omelet here okay I'll definite a
were the ke on this and I'm gonna go
after that for the honey pecan salmon
okay and then good old-fashioned fish
and chips oh yeah thanks excellent
[Music]
you just have been staring at me nice um
big muscle head meatball it's not crab
meat do you want anybody to get the
misconception artificial tear cheese
[Music]
thank you my darling Wow the size of
that that's a lot of crap and you
haven't told me about the K yet oh he
said he wanted everybody to know that it
wasn't real crab it's artificial crab so
he spelled it with a K so there was no
misconception so it's fake crab meat in
a seafood restaurant on the water holy
crap
brother takes this does go straight to
the trash table didn't go over well he
doesn't like the crab in there I've
never that was already here I didn't buy
that stuff I don't want to use frozen
fish it's not product that I'm
absolutely overly proud of but at the
same point I'm held accountable for all
the inventory that the owners have paid
for I was left with so far why we
serving fake crab in our own way I don't
get it that you're the general manager
why are you not I give the choice have
you been drinking nothing
the crab was shocking embarrassing and
fake it tastes disgusting have you
tasted that crab
no I'm extremely allergic to grab a
shrimp so I mean there's no crab in
there I understand it's Malaysian oh my
gosh I'll let you finish early
[Music]
general manager my ass and be live he
things that actually allowed him to do
that
poor letting him serve those types of a
ration let's take them AJ is the general
manager he's supposed to oversee the
food and now I'm hoping and praying that
Gordon says AJ's the one that's bleeding
his business okay suddenly the
best-looking thing I've seen somebody
rubbery he's a frozen four fish I
believe it's wrong yes frozen when you
take it by to that card it's almost like
you've got a breaded condom in your
mouth he said it was rubbery too greasy
and just that it tasted like a frozen
Cod and obviously hit it right on the
bottom this is the same recipe that
we've used here forever
so I'm for change I want to change good
wow this one is the semolina - thank you
sweetie I think just so sweet
the dressing is like honey that's so
much of it absolutely disgusting quite
possibly one of the worst salmon dishes
I've ever eaten
it's a pretty successful opinion though
[Music]